feat(nat): add a new datasource to query the list of private nat gateway (#3798)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/nat_private_gateways.md

---
subcategory: "NAT Gateway (NAT)"
---

# huaweicloud_nat_private_gateways

Use this data source to get the list of private NAT gateways.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "name" {}

data "huaweicloud_nat_private_gateways" "test" {
  name = var.name
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region where the private NAT gateway is located.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region where the private NAT gateways are located.  
```

Author: have changed

  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

> * `gateway_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ID of the private NAT gateway instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `gateway_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ID of the private NAT gateway.
```

Author: have changed

* `name` - (Optional, String) Specifies the name of the private NAT gateways.  

* `spec` - (Optional, String) Specifies the specification of the private NAT gateways.  
  The valid values are as follows:
  + **Small**: Small type, which supports up to `20` rules, `200 Mbit/s` bandwidth, `20,000` PPS and `2,000` SNAT
    connections.
  + **Medium**: Medium type, which supports up to `50` rules, `500 Mbit/s` bandwidth, `50,000` PPS and `5,000` SNAT
    connections.
  + **Large**: Large type, which supports up to `200` rules, `2 Gbit/s` bandwidth, `200,000` PPS and `20,000` SNAT
    connections.
  + **Extra-Large**: Extra-large type, which supports up to `500` rules, `5 Gbit/s` bandwidth, `500,000` PPS and
    `50,000` SNAT connections.

> * `description` - (Optional, String) Specifies the description of the private NAT gateways.

Reviewer: take this parameter to the attribute list.

Author: have changed
